docs: update security policy; still points to edX's (#4)
openedx/.github: SECURITY.md

# Open edX Security Policy

If you have any questions or concerns relating to the security of Open edX code (including any potential vulnerability disclosures), please follow the guidance in the [edX security policy](https://www.edx.org/policy/security). edX's security team will be happy to assist you.

> In the future, the Open edX project will develop an independent security team and disclosure intake process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the future, the Open edX project will develop an independent security policy and process.
```

Author: Makes sense 👍🏻
